Privacy Policy
Null Space team built Spider's Survival game as a free App. The service is provided by Null Space at no cost and is intended to be used that way.
The purpose of this document is to inform visitors about the policies of collection, use, and disclosure of personal information regarding the use of the game.

By using the Service visitors agree to the collection and use of information related to this policy. Personal information collected is used to provide and improve the service. Null Space will not use or share the information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in the Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Spider's Survival unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

For a better experience using the game, the User must provide personal information, including (but not limited to) name, email, and game progress. The requested information will be retained on the User device and will not be collected by Null Space in any way.
The app uses third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to the privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app.

Unity

Log Data
Null Space will collect the data and information (throught third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when is utilizing the Service and other statistics. This data will be used to fix any error you may encounter

Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. Users have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to their devices. If the User chooses to refuse the cookies may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

Service Providers

Spider's Survival employs third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

- To facilitate our Service;
- To provide the Service on our behalf;
- To perform Service-related services, or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

We inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Security

Null Space values the trust from the Users whom provide their Personal Information, thus the Team is striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting the data. But Users must remember that there is no transmission nor electronic storage method that is 100% secure and reliable, therefore Null Space can not guarantee it's absolute security.

Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If Users click on a third-party link, they will be directed to that site, Null Space does not operate these external sites. Therefore, Users are advised to review these websites' Privacy Policy. Null Space has no control over and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy

The Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. Null Space does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In case that Null Space discovers that a child under 13 has provided with personal information, it will be immediately deleted from the servers. If the User is a parent or guardian and is aware that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact with Null Space team so we will be able to take necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

Null Space may update its Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, Users are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2020-09-24

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact Null Space at jfr.cartes.velasquez@gmail.com

